Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager UI 1023.0.3 (#3981)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1023-2-0-restored-missing-favicon-for-digital-twin-manager-in-firefox-ctm-2551-2505.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Restored missing favicon for Digital Twin Manager in Firefox [CTM-2551] (#2505)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Restored missing favicon for Digital Twin Manager in Firefox"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-VSkj2iV9m"
      label: "Fix"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-2551"
version: "1023.2.0"
---

> Previously, the Cumulocity favicon did not display on the browser tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} favicon was not displayed on the browser tab
```

when the Digital Twin Manager application was accessed using Firefox.

> This has been fixed, and the favicon now appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This issue has been fixed, and the favicon is now visible.
```
